Hello there Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to another episode of Cinema Summary~
Okay, that's enough clowning around.
Welcome to another episode of Cinema Summary. Today we'll be looking at Christopher Nolan's The Dark Night.
A 2008 superhero film, directed, written and produced by Christopher Nolan.
The day is darkest before the dawn, so allow me to enlighten you on:
Christopher Nolan’s THE DARK KNIGHT
A gang of criminals rob a Gotham City mob
bank, double-crossing and murdering each other
until only the mastermind remains: the Joker,
who escapes with the money.
The Joker: bank robber by day!
And bus driver by day!
And bus driver by day….
Gotta pay the bills, somehow
Batman, District Attorney Harvey Dent and
Lieutenant Jim Gordon form an alliance to
rid Gotham of organized crime
Bruce Wayne is impressed with Dent's idealism
and offers to support his career; he believes
that, with Dent as Gotham's protector, he
can give up being Batman and lead a normal
life with Rachel Dawes—even though she and
Dent are dating.
Putting a dent into their relationship, if you know I mean
Mob bosses Gambol, Sal Maroni,and the Chechen
hold a videoconference with their corrupt
accountant, Lau, who has taken their funds
for safekeeping and fled to Hong Kong
The Joker interrupts, warns them that Batman
has no jurisdiction and is thus unhindered
by the law, and offers to kill him in exchange
for half of their money.
After Gambol puts a bounty on his head, the
Joker kills Gambol and takes over his gang
looks like Gambol, gambled his life away.
The mob ultimately decides to take the Joker
up on his offer.
In the comics, the origin story of the Joker is this;
He was the leader of a gang called the "Red Hood Gang", and he was the 'Red Hood'.
Together, they robbed the ACE Chemicals Factory, and he got into a fight with Batman
What happens was, by accident, he falls into a container full of chemicals
and goes insane, and transform into the Joker. Which is why he has the green hair, red lips, and pale skin
Batman finds Lau in Hong Kong and brings him
back to Gotham to testify, allowing Dent to
apprehend the entire mob.
The Joker threatens to keep killing people
unless Batman reveals his identity, and starts
by murdering Police Commissioner Gillian B. Loeb
and the judge presiding over the mob trial
The Joker also tries to kill Mayor Anthony
Garcia, but Gordon sacrifices himself to stop
the assassination.
Dent learns that Rachel is the next target
Bruce decides to reveal his secret identity.
Before he can, however, Dent announces that
he is Batman.
What? Wha-Dent! What are you doing? No stop! Dent!
Dent is taken into protective custody, but
the Joker appears and attacks the convoy
I put laughter in manslaughter
After all, 'slaughter' is the best medicine
Rachel and Dent are escorted away by detectives
on Maroni's payroll; Gordon later learns that
they never arrived home.
Batman interrogates the Joker, who reveals
that they have been trapped in separate locations
rigged with explosives.
Batman races to save Rachel, while Gordon
attempts to rescue Dent.
Batman arrives at the building, but realizes
that the Joker sent him to Dent's location
instead. PRANKED!
Both buildings explode, killing Rachel and
disfiguring half of Dent's face.
The Joker escapes with Lau, whom he later
kills along with the Chechen.
Coleman Reese, an accountant at Wayne Enterprises,
deduces that Bruce is Batman and tries to
go public with the information
Not wanting Reese's revelation to interfere
with his plans, the Joker threatens to destroy
a hospital unless someone kills Reese.
Gordon orders the evacuation of all the hospitals
in Gotham and goes to secure Reese.
The Joker gives Dent a gun and convinces him
to seek revenge for Rachel's death, then destroys
the hospital and escapes with a busload of
hostages He really doesn’t have a plan?
Well i guess he’s a clown so he’s GOOD
AT IMPROVISING.
Dent goes on a killing spree, deciding the
fates of people he holds responsible for Rachel's
death by flipping his lucky coin.
After announcing Gotham will be subject to
his rule come nightfall, the Joker rigs two
evacuating ferries with explosives; one containing
civilians and the other containing prisoners
That's one trolley problem, I never want to be a part of.
He says that he will blow them both up by
midnight, but will let one live if its passengers
(who have been supplied the trigger to the
other boat's explosives) blow up the other ferry
Batman finds the Joker by using a sonar device
that spies on the entire city, with the reluctant
help of Lucius Fox.
Both the civilians and the prisoners refuse
to kill each other, while Batman apprehends
the Joker after a brief fight
Easiest Boss
Fight ever.
Before the police arrive to take the Joker
into custody, he gloats that Gotham's citizens
will lose hope once Dent's rampage becomes
public knowledge.
Gordon and Batman arrive at the building where
Rachel perished.
Dent shoots Batman, spares himself, and threatens
to kill Gordon's son, claiming that Gordon's
negligence is responsible for Rachel’s death.
Before he can flip for the boy, Batman, who
was wearing body armor, tackles Dent off the
building to his death DENT’S death, not
Batmans.
At least he wasn’t in the new movies, talk
about lucky.
Knowing the Joker would win if people found
out the truth, Batman persuades Gordon to
hold him responsible for the killing spree
to preserve Dent's heroic image
As the police launch a manhunt for Batman,
Gordon destroys the Bat-signal (COMIC BOOK REFERENCE)
Fox watches as the sonar device
self-destructs, and Alfred Pennyworth burns
a letter from Rachel saying she planned to
marry Dent.